Pd 157 add page for pxctl sched policy (#309)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/CLI/shared/sched-policy.md

---
title: Shared content for managing snapshot schedule policies using pxctl
keywords: portworx, pxctl, snapshot, reference, schedule, policy
description: Shared content for managing snapshot schedule policies using pxctl
hidden: true
---

> As an example, to create a policy named `p1` with:

Reviewer: We can't just split a sentence 
```suggestion
The following example creates a policy named `p1` with the following properties:
```

> - Periodic backups every 60 minutes (keep the last 5 backups) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Periodic backups every 60 minutes (keep the last 5 backups)
```

> - Weekly backups every Sunday at 12:00 (keep the last 4 backups),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Weekly backups every Sunday at 12:00 (keep the last 4 backups)
```

> run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to create the `p1` backup policy:
```

> ```text

Reviewer: indent these to sit under the steps

pxctl sched-policy create --periodic 60,5 --weekly sunday@12:00,4 p1
```

> You can add schedule policies either when a volume gets created or afterward.

Reviewer: If these are all steps within a single task, we need to reformat and rewrite them into steps. 

If they're distinct tasks containing only one step each, they need headings describing and separating them. 

If they're not steps that we want readers to perform, we should change the wording to remove the "run the following command" instructions and make it purely descriptive.

Author: Thanks, I appreciate the tip! I've just made the changes.

Here is an example of how  you can add a schedule policy when the volume is created:

```text
pxctl volume create --policy p1 vol1
```

> To add a schedule policy later, enter the following command:

Reviewer 2: add -> add/update

Reviewer 2: to remove policy from volume set snap interval to 0.

pxctl volume snap-interval-update --periodic 0 vol1

Author: @sangleganesh Thanks for taking the time to review the PR and for suggestions. I just updated it now.
